What's faster, a taxi or the subway?
Tom had a good time.
It is easy to love, but difficult to be loved.
I want hot water.
I won't leave you here.
A cat abhors a vacuum.
They want that.
Apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else.
But what did he see in the clear stream below?
His own image; no longer a dark, gray bird, ugly and disagreeable to look at, but a graceful and beautiful swan.
Tom and Mary are moving back home.
I think you should be careful.
Your daughter is not a child anymore.
Tom told Mary to come back later.
You should buy this book.
I'm not looking forward to seeing Tom.
Turn that up.
An animal can be much more dangerous when wounded.
Tom and Mary both sounded disappointed.
Biology isn't Tom's favorite subject.
It's time to be going.
The mother cat went out hunting birds.
We have to do something about this.
She wished for a more relaxing life, but that was impossible under the circumstances.
"If you don't get in our way any more, I could see my way to letting bygones be bygones." "That's remarkably generous ..."
Mary wants to become a teacher.
I do not even know where to start.
Did Mary have to sign this agreement with Tom.
This is a dress that Mary made by herself.
We must have seen a thousand pronghorn on the drive across Kansas.
As far as I know, there is no such function.
Evergreen wreaths are Christmasy, but credit cards are Christmasier.
I do know when your plane will land, but not when it takes off.
Stay close.
Tom seemed to expect nothing.
Happy people don't watch the clock.
He worked hard to provide for his family.
Tom thought nothing of it.
Suicide is dangerous.
Her husband is rich.
Do you really hate Tom that much?
Her sister is not going to America.
I'll be damned if it's true.
Tom is out, but Mary is here.
Do you smell something funny?
Sorry, the flight is already full.
Where is Nîmes?
Mother left me a message.
He said that his previous dentist told him that he'd remove nicotine stains if he stopped smoking.
Nobody here eats meat.
My name is Robert, but you can call me Bob.
Is this a picture that he drew by himself?
I hope that he's understood and that he'll leave me be.
I won't be able to help him.
My sister has a dog.
You have only ten seconds left to live.
You are incomparable.
The native language is now used on many web-sites.
Someone is playing a banjo over there.
There are few, if any, mistakes.
I don't want to see them naked.
Tom is the one responsible for this.
I know what he said.
Tom believes that there are good and evil demons.
Someone is waiting for me.
Is it a problem?
You should always keep your word.
Writers such as novelists and poets don't seem to benefit much from the advance of science.
Tom said he had a terrible experience in Boston.
It's time to stop fighting.
They're cooking.
Their way of thinking is old-fashioned.
I've got a daughter Tom's age.
Tom's French isn't bad.
Tom asked me for my opinion.
That religious cult has got some pretty off the wall ideas.
I can live with that arrangement.
I'm telling you for certain!
That man's the worst of the worst!
As he's the cream of the crime crop, you shouldn't be surprised that he's notorious for murder and unlawful subjugation.
You're a freshman, aren't you?
Are you angry at him?
You're with Tom, aren't you?
Tom and I see each other every day at school.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary his password.
The writer was descended from the Greek royal family.
She tried that.
I don't like teachers who dislike students that ask questions.
I blew the candle out.
Yeah. I think I can live with that.
You'd better send for a doctor.
I don't think Tom will mind.
I won't tolerate that.
I was there with Tom.
Tom did what his wife asked.
Tom asked Mary for some money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom said he needed to split up with Mary for a while, so he could sort himself out.
I heard that Mary has been arrested for killing her husband.
That belongs to my brother.
This mountain is snow-covered the entire year.
No one's buying it.
I'd like a quote on the following.
Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite.